Sentence casing (#1037)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-generating-documentation.md

---
title: "Generating documentation"
id: "cloud-generating-documentation"

> description: "You can automate project documentation generation as you run jobs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "You can automatically generate project documentation as you run jobs."
```

> description: "You can automatically generate project documentation as you run jobs."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Automatically generate project documentation as you run jobs."
```
